Shut up, I don't need you to do things
But you two
Who released you from prison?
I don't know. Is that a felony?
Someone put them in jail
Lock me up
Wait, Yang Yun said you're crazy
You're still doing this to me
Do you really think I'm just going to let you make decisions when I leave home?
Oh.
Do you have any hidden strength at home?
Take it all out and let me see who else is there
Uncle, you can come out now
Master Luo, you are a bitter race
Why are you here?
Mother said I would never come again
You dismantled Luo Xia
dare not dare
Mr. Luo, I do all this for a reason
I hope the third master understands
What's the reason?
For his mistress
Dare to take the mistress of my weak family
Arrest the current family leaders
Good people say
You really think we old guys aren't there
Can you do whatever you want?
Believe it or not, I can get you off the stage by calling you
Third Master, I really didn't mean that
Cut the crap
I'd like to see which fire spirit it is
Fascinated you like this